Create ui-c8y-1021-22-3-allow-device-type-dashboards-to-work-for-device-types-containing-a.md (#2759)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-22-3-allow-device-type-dashboards-to-work-for-device-types-containing-a.md

---
date: ""

> title: allow device type dashboards to work for device types containing a dot (#7876)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Device type dashboards can now be used for device types containing a dot
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61863
version: 1021.22.3
---

> allow device type dashboards to work for device types containing a dot (#7876)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, device type dashboards did not work properly for device types that contained a dot (".") in their name. This has now been fixed. Device type dashboards can be used for all device types, regardless of whether their name includes a dot or not. This change ensures that users can properly monitor and visualize data for all their device types, without any limitations based on the device type naming convention.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, device type dashboards did not work properly for devices that contained a dot (".") in their type. This has now been fixed. Device type dashboards can be used for all devices, regardless of whether their type includes a dot or not.
```
